He's a toad
I get annoyed looking at him
I don't want him in the company
What's the matter, you got rich and hard
Even the people I arranged dare to fire casually, right?
I just don't get it.
Why do you have to defend him so much?
I don't need to explain to you what I do.
I am your daughter
Is it better than an outsider?
I Love You
What do you think?
The people I personally arrange will be outsiders
So what's your relationship with him?
You don't have to worry about it.
Anyway, if you don't invite him back
Our father-daughter relationship ends here
It's up to you.
Is what you said true? Of course
Ok this is what you said
Is it you who are in such a hurry to find me?
Grandma, tell me the truth
Does my dad have an illegitimate child outside?